A11y improvements and description of learning_bash (#319)
arcus/education_modules: bash_command_line_102/bash_command_line_102.md

**Open a bash shell.**
If you are using a computer with running macOS (i.e. a Mac) you can use the **Terminal** program. If you are on a computer using Windows, open either **WLS** (Windows Linux Subsytem) or **Git Bash**. If you don't have these programs there are instructions for how to download and set them up in the [Bash / Command Line 101](https://liascript.github.io/course/?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/arcus/education_modules/main/bash_command_line_101/bash_command_line_101.md) module.

<div class = "care">
<b style="color: rgb(var(--color-highlight));">A little encouragement...</b><br>

> It can be scary to interact with files directly from the command line. To ensure that we aren't touching any of the important files on your computer, you will be downloading a small directory to experiment with. 

Reviewer: same comments as for 101

This way you don't have to worry about accidentally changing something you didn't want to change. You can always download a fresh copy to start over if you want.
</div>

**Download the files.**

Download the [`learning_bash` directory](https://github.com/arcus/learning_bash) from GitHub. Once you go to the link:

1. Click on the green **Code** drop-down button towards the right-hand side of the screen. 

> 2. Select **Download ZIP**.

Reviewer: same thought as with 101

**Open a bash shell.**
If you are using a computer with running macOS (i.e. a Mac) you can use the **Terminal** program. If you are on a computer using Windows, open either **WLS** (Windows Linux Subsytem) or **Git Bash**. If you don't have these programs there are instructions for how to download and set them up in the [Bash / Command Line 101](https://liascript.github.io/course/?https://raw.githubusercontent.com/arcus/education_modules/main/bash_command_line_101/bash_command_line_101.md) module.

<div class = "care">
<b style="color: rgb(var(--color-highlight));">A little encouragement...</b><br>

> It can be stressful to interact with files directly from the command line. Throughout this module we will make sure you know what each command does before asking you to do it, and only ask you to make changes within a practice directory that you will download.

Author: ```suggestion
It can be stressful to interact with files directly from the command line. Throughout this module we will make sure you know what each command does before asking you to do it.  Like any other computational skill, you'll get more comfortable with it the more you practice!
```

The asterisk `*` is a character sequence wildcard. It allows you to search for strings of characters when you might know only a portion of the string.

> Every character sequence matches `*`, even the "empty" character sequence which contains no characters at all:

Author: I like this! I'm going to make it even clearer that this is a **definition**, but let me know what you think/if I have made it an overly-repetitive definition.

<div class = "warning">
<b style="color: rgb(var(--color-highlight));">Warning!</b><br>

> Removing files via your command line interface with the `rm` command **removes** them from your computer. It does not move them to your "Trash" folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Removing files via your command line interface with the `rm` command **permanently removes** them from your computer. It does not move them to your "Trash" folder.
```

adding permanently might also drive this point home.

Author: That's the word I was looking for! tysm!!

> Be completely sure that you want to remove a file before using the `rm` command as YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO GET REMOVED FILES BACK unless you have another copy backed up somewhere else.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be completely sure that you no longer need a file before using the `rm` command as YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO GET REMOVED FILES BACK unless you have another copy backed up somewhere else.  
```
framing to focus on the necessary condition that would lead one to want use rm command rather than just "want to remove a file" to more concretely drive home what it means to "remove a file"
